The GPS says it's right up here.
- You don't even know how to use that thing.
- The hell I don't.
We're here.
We just drove an hour through the woods
to find more woods
that look just like
the woods we drove through.
- Eureka.
- Ew. That's mud.
No. This is like, um...
- It's pretty much mud.
- Smells like rotten eggs.
Mm, sulphur.
Very therapeutic.
And you expect me to believe
you've never been here before?
A friend of mine told me about this and
swore me to secrecy. This is my first time.
In mud.
Come on in. It's nice.
All right.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Mm. Something's poking me.
This mud is reputed to have
amazing romantic properties.
Mm. I think I got it.
No, I think I'd notice if you got it.
Oh, jeez.
This hot spring averages 105 degrees,
but it can spike to near boiling,
so we discourage bathers.
Especially those who illegally drive
4x4 vehicles into a national park.
- So someone was boiled to death?
- Or had a heart attack or passed out.
The flesh will have to be macerated.
- What's that?
- Don't ask.
The flesh either has to be boiled off
or eaten by dermestid beetles.
Can't you just say "cleaned"?
Sulphur encrusted the bone.
See the staining?
- So it's been there a long time?
- No.
- Why bring it up, then?
- Signs of blunt-force trauma.
-  What's that mean?
- He didn't boil to death on his own.
- I'm going to need all the mud.
- Excuse me?
Get a tanker truck out here and suck it up
so we can filter it at the Jeffersonian.
Humerus is 36.5cm.
Medium build. Late 20s, early 30s.
He's broken this bone before.
- Is she serious about the mud?
- Serious as a gas attack.
Heart attack, Bones.
Serious as a heart attack.
Description's too general
to try a missing persons report.
Triangular depression in the calvarium,
anterior longitudinal one fracture,
grazed cortical bone in C1.
- There's a patterned impression in the bone.
- How many times was he hit and by what?
More than once by a... square pipe?
Does that exist?
People hit people with anything they can
swing. He was attacked from behind?
- Mm...
- What?
There's a vertical impaction fracture
to his glabella and frontonasal suture.
- Same weapon?
- It doesn't appear so.
- I've seen this before.
- Great. Where?
From sharpened stone weapons
in "Neandertal" skeletons.
I'm thinking, "Not so relevant."
A blow to the front of the head
would cause a severe laceration.
- No bloodstains around the mud bath.
- So the body was dumped post mortem.
About the Neanderthals...
- "Neandertals".
- What was the context of those killings?
Accepted scenarios indicate a single
individual attacked by two or more assailants.
Then we're looking
for two or more murderers.
- No time of death yet.
- It was definitely a murder.
- Probably two assailants.
- What a shock for that couple.
They slide naked into the hot mud bath,
and a skeleton pokes her in the...
- Anus.
- Bones!
- It's a clinical term for that part of the body.
- Dr Brennan... Agent Booth.
Would it be fair to say you use work
to avoid confronting personal issues?
- Because I won't talk about?
- The anus.
- You like that word.
- Do you discuss anything apart from work?
- It's better than talking about...
- The anus?
- What is it with you two?
- Sweets is right. We talk a lot about work.
- I talk about my kid.
- Almost kidnapped during a case.
My father.
We talk about him.
Because Agent Booth
arrested him for murder.
What are you trying to get at here?
Your inability to share your personal lives.
I thought that was obvious.
OK, that was snotty.
I don't respond well to snotty.
After a case, sometimes
we have a drink or coffee.
Booth has pie.
I don't like pie.
- You really should just... give it a chance.
- I find it too sweet.
OK, there. We talked about pie.
Nothing to do with work.
It is better when we discuss murder.
I'd like to see you guys in a social situation
where work is a taboo subject.
- You gonna send us to a restaurant?
- I'm still not having pie.
An evening out with my girlfriend and me.
- They need someone to buy them beer.
- You want a double date?
Why don't you go on the internet
like all the rest of the kids?
If it goes well I'll withdraw my concern.
Release you back into your environment.
What are we, brook trout?
Fine.
Agent Booth? Unless you think
that's too much to prove.
Fine. I'll show him I have nothing to prove.
Bring it on, Sweets.
So far I have three old beer cans,
an Indian arrowhead,
73 cents in change,
and a partially melted Sharpie.
The victim was braised like osso bucco.
Flesh falling off the bone.
Time of death between
ten days and two weeks.
I found stress fractures
and degenerative changes in the facet joints.
Fits with the hypertrophy of the cervical
muscles. I found microscopic tearing,
but he had to sustain this position
to cause that kind of wear and tear.
Death by yoga?
- Is that skull ready for me?
- You can take it out of the boiler.
Or you could do that for me,
because I will never, ever do that.
There are fractures of the pelvis,
fractures of thoracic and lumbar vertebrae,
multiple metacarpal
and metatarsal fractures...
What was he, a crash-test dummy?
The injuries to the vertebrae,
tibia and femur
are consistent with landing on the feet
after falling from 10 to 20 feet.
Like jumping out of a tree?
The damage to the scapula and acromion
was from a low fall,
but forward movement
between 16 to 20 miles per hour.
- Falling off a bicycle.
- These injuries are more recent.
Fractured and scored patella
and torn retinaculum.
Even I didn't get that one.
Why would anyone wanna kill him?
He was doing a good enough job on his own.
Yes, Dr Sweets. I'll ask him.
How's Wednesday night? Are you free?
To have our big double date
with our psychiatrist?
One more evening, and maybe
we won't have to see him any more.
Wednesday's fine. I can't wait.
Does he want me to get you a corsage?
Wednesday is fine. We'll meet you there.
Yeah, I'm looking forward to meeting her.
OK, bye.
This might be fun.
His girlfriend works with tropical fish.
- Tropical fish?
- Yeah.
- This is weird. Where are we meeting?
- At their ceramics class.
- What? No. You're kidding.
- Why would I be kidding?
He said we need a common activity.
Ceramics? I thought the point of therapy was
to give us peace of mind, not drive us crazy.
Hey, it's Angela.
- Hey, Angela.
- Hey.
I did a rendering of our victim's face.
We're checking missing persons.
- Wait. That's Tripp Goddard.
- Tripp Goddard?
The motorcycle racer.
I forget sometimes I'm talking to girls.
That explains the wrist and neck injuries on
Zack's report. Have him confirm with dentals.
I don't appreciate the "girls" comment.
Uh, Tripp won a huge motorcycle race
about two weeks ago.
- That fits time of death.
- That's the Super Grand Prix in Virginia.
Tripp won after some kind of accident
took out the frontrunner.
- Mm.
- Girls, huh?
It's not the machine, it's the man.
Sure, you need a great bike.
But a great rider on a crap bike -
still gonna win.
Riders say it's the rider, mechanics say
the bike. I say it's who signs the checks.
- And that would be you.
- Yes. And don't forget it.
Excuse me. FBI Special Agent Booth. Dr
Temperance Brennan from the Jeffersonian.
We're looking for someone
who can tell us about Tripp Goddard.
Uh, well, I'm Phillipa Fitz, and
Tripp rides for our family team, Slam Bolt.
- What'd he do?
- Who are you?
Garth Jodrey. I'm a journalist.
Motokneescrapers.com.
- What does that mean?
- Racers, when they lean into the corners,
- their knees scrape the asphalt.
- Explains his knee injuries.
No one has seen Tripp
since the Super Grand Prix.
Where did he go?
After a big win he takes off in his truck,
climbs mountains, swims oceans.
No one knows for sure.
Can I help you?
Mr Goddard's dead.
What? What happened?
We believe he was murdered.
Who would kill Tripp?
I don't know.
Well, the fans loved him.
Everybody else hated him.
- Get lost, Garth.
- Daddy, please.
No. I want him out of here, Phillipa.
Garth doesn't think Tripp
was a good ol' boy. You do.
- He's got his reasons.
- The wheelchair.
- Tripp put him in that chair?
- Racing accident a couple of years ago.
You can't believe Garth had anything
to do with this. I mean, how?
With help.
- When did you last see Tripp?
- Victory party after the race.
I saw him get in his truck
and leave around midnight.
Great. I need the make, the model,
the year, license plate of the truck.
Anything you need, we're here.
Just find the bastard who did this to him.
Ha-ha-ha. Yeah.
OK, that's Danny Fitz.
I would've loved to have decked Tripp
after our race, only I was in a coma.
- Another Fitz?
- Lenny's son, Phillipa's twin brother.
Watch this.
Danny's got the race in the bag.
Final lap, Tripp does that.
Classic inside-out block pass.
- Is it allowed?
- If it's an accident.
Slam Bolt were first and second ahead of
Flame Spark till Tripp clipped Danny.
- There's someone named Flame Spark?
- Flame Spark spark plugs. Slam Bolt's rival.
I saw a little daylight. Looked like Danny
was gonna go wide, so I went for it.
It's a bummer when somebody loses the front
of their bike like that, but what can you do?
- Danny had that race in the bag.
- Tripp did the same thing to you, didn't he?
Yeah. Well, I guess Tripp didn't learn anything
from the time he did that to me.
- Danny Fitz, was he at the victory party?
- Yeah, absolutely. Brave face for the press.
- Did Danny leave before or after Tripp?
- About the same time.
- How about you?
- I took off right after.
- Hey.
- Hey, hey, hey.
- You're good friends with Danny, aren't you?
- Good enough friends to kill Tripp together?
You know, I'm pretty sure I don't
have to say anything without a lawyer.
- It's not going to work.
- What?
Dropping loud pieces of metal
to hurry me up.
I need the skull to compare tool marks
to murder weapons.
You're just gonna have to wait.
Titanium, magnesium and boron particulates
are embedded in these skull fractures.
- Mm...
- What?
That's an exotic combination
of metals not found in any of these.
It is possible these particulates aren't
from the tool. Not the tool alone.
- I don't understand.
- Racing motorcycles use these metals.
The particles could have gone
from bicycles to tools to victim.
It's not a bicycle.
It's a motorcycle.
Bicycle. Two wheels.
The term applies.
Drop those. Drop them.
I mean it, Zack. Bombs away.
- I don't know what that proves.
- Proves I don't handle irritation well.
- Can I pick these up now?
- No.
You can pick one up.
The most likely culprit.
A narrow instrument, less than an inch,
caused the injuries.
OK.
Strain - the crushing, tearing, shearing -
equals the change in dimension
divided by the original dimension.
I do bugs and slime,
I don't do arithmetic.
An elongated rod with... this cross-section
is the most likely culprit.
Good. Good job, Zack.
Am I king of the lab?
We both are.
Let's go tell Cam.
Ouch.
OK, now that...
that's gotta hurt.
Wait, here it comes again.
Look at that.
Oh, watch it. Watch out,
watch out. Ooh. Boom.
Let the record show Agent Booth
is taunting my client,
repeatedly showing footage
of his traumatic accident.
- Accident? Tripp did that to me on purpose.
- How fast were you going at the time?
- Don't know. I accelerated through 160.
- Tripp accelerated faster. See? Whoosh.
Again with taunting?
- Why was Tripp so much better than you?
- Taunting?
I'm not taunting, Mr Smalls.
I'm restating an objective fact.
Tripp had a better bike,
20 horses on me.
- You get Tripp's bike now.
- I didn't kill Tripp for his bike.
- Why did you kill him?
- Full stop there, cowboy.
Don't sweat it, princess. Any other reason
you'd wanna get rid of Tripp?
- No.
- Danny,
certain things you hide
make you look guilty.
Couple years back, Tripp dated my sister.
Cheated on her with a groupie.
- Came to blows.
- Who won?
- I did, for once. Knocked him on his ass.
- You defended her honour.
Danny and Phillipa are twins, Agent Booth.
They're very close.
Cheated on your sister, forced you to crash.
How would you describe your relationship?
We were the best of friends.
As your lawyer, I caution you sarcasm doesn't
show up in the transcript. Best be avoided.
I'm sorry Tripp's dead,
but I'm not exactly grieving. You feel me?
Bones, he's not afraid of me at all.
Hard to scare someone who rides around
a track at 200 miles an hour.
- Her I like. You wanna go out sometime?
-  Danny, restrain yourself.
- No, she doesn't.
- Let me speak for myself.
Murder suspect here, Bones.
- The wound at the front or the back?
- Back.
- Couldn't be both?
- No.
The blow to the front of the head
was from a sharp tool.
- Sharper than round, blunter than sharp.
- What?
- That actually made sense.
- You spend too much time together.
- Can you estimate force?
- Back of the head, length undetermined.
Width of 3.8cm,
approximately a thousand pounds of force.
- So a lot.
- Half a ton.
- Which is a lot.
- It isn't much.
Now I'm back in a physics class
I wanna ditch.
- A boxer's fist lands with double that force.
- A big fist in a glove.
With a force spread out over
a lot more than 3.8cm.
It wouldn't take much force
to crush a skull with this.
So we haven't eliminated anyone
from our list of suspects.
We don't know what
that's a cross-section of
or what caused the damage
to the front of the face.
What exactly made you two come in here
crowing "king of the lab"?
I'm gonna go look at very small things
under my very large microscope.
I can probably identify the type of tool
off this cross-section.
Do it and call Booth.
See if it's of any use to him.
- Boys.
- Wow.
I don't have the weapon, but I microwaved
fabric samples and used gas sensors to...
All right, let's just
cut to the chase there, OK, Mr Wizard?
- I know what was on the victim's clothing.
- Fine. I'll take anything.
- What is it?
- It's toluene.
It's a clear liquid used to clean up oil.
How is that supposed to help us?
Every mechanic uses that.
I need a weapon.
Do you hear me? A weapon.
You know, I'm feeling
really underappreciated today.
You can suck it up, buttercup.
- Booth?
- Ah.
- Toluene.
- It's excellent for cleaning up blood.
So if you killed someone here
and they bled a lot...
The drain.
Hey. Check this drain for blood.
Blood suspended in toluene
might be testable for DNA.
- Tell Hodgins he did a good job.
- I'll tell Hodgins he did a good job if...
I'm waiting.
- I hate when you do this.
- What?
You don't talk.
You hate when I talk.
It's a double-edged sword.
- Bones doesn't mind silence.
- Mm-mm.
- I hate it.
- Why do you think that is?
- He gets bored.
- You're right.
You should see him on stakeouts.
He talks and talks.
- Well, it's very interesting.
- Is it always about work?
No.
- You're lying.
- Oh, come on. How do you know that?
I have training
in how to tell when people are lying.
- Is that true?
- See, if you were me, you'd know.
You're lying to protect your partner.
I understand.
But let's agree amongst ourselves
that this is a truth zone.
- Is something bothering you?
- Oh, it's this whole... going-on-a-date thing.
It's not a date.
It's a social outing
for the purpose of professional evaluation.
Come on! Ceramics?
I'm not that kind of a guy.
What do you say we go bowling
or to a firing range or climbing a wall?
- Right, something you're good at?
- A movie? Or dinner. Dinner and movie.
- Somewhere I don't have to make something.
- Ooh...
What? What, "Ooh?"
Well, what Sweets would do in this situation
is he'd jump on word usage.
He'd ask you
why you're resistant to making.
I "jump on" the semantics?
That's a really aggressive turn of phrase.
Thanks for pulling focus there, Bones.
"Pulling." Is that an aggressive word too?
- OK, did you two plan this?
-  Paranoia.
That is paranoia.
Since this is a truth zone,
I will tell you the truth.
We didn't plan anything.
- You're telling the truth.
- He's guessing.
We're going to a ceramics class,
and we're all gonna make something.
Time's up.
Sweets can't tell if someone's lying.
He's playing with our minds.
An area of study called neurolinguistics
proposes that
subconscious eye movements
and body language
tell a well-trained observer
if the subject is lying.
Yeah, well, I don't believe it.
Huh, I don't believe it.
- Is that Tripp's bike?
- Yeah. Danny's gonna get what he wants.
Do me a favour, son. Take it easy
couple times around before you blast off.
- I know, Dad. Ease into it.
- Can I get a picture?
Let's get a picture. Number one on the Slam
Bolt racing team. That's gotta feel good.
- I'm not talking to you without my lawyer.
-  That goes for all of us.
Look, you, you I can replace.
Do not wreck my bike.
Lenny, I'm thinkin'
your boy won't relax into this.
Well, Danny gets a chance to grab
the brass ring, he's gonna take it.
Watch this. He's gonna decelerate before
the turn and slingshot right through it.
I don't see the deceleration part.
No, no...
Danny's down!
-  Move! Let's get in there!
- No! No!
No!  No.
-  Get in there.
-  Get that out!
No, Daddy.
We're at the Belleville practice track,
Highway 64. Send an air ambulance.
There's been a motorcycle accident.
- Where's your father?
- At the house.
He's had two heart attacks.
He shouldn't be here.
- Seems a crime to mess with a sweet bike.
- A crime like murder.
- Right. I just meant the bike itself.
- No, I get it. You like bikes.
These rotors are laser cut and honed.
Very exact.
Bend one a little, when it gets to speed the
rotor hits a brake pad. Next thing you know...
- Yes. We saw.
- So it wasn't an accident?
You mean, "Oops, I stuck a piece of metal
through here and pushed with all my might?"
So anyone could do this?
Anyone who's familiar with motorcycles...
and who's a killer.
- Why would anyone wanna kill Danny?
- You can't be near the evidence. I'm sorry.
See what else you can find, will ya?
Recovering ink traces on plastic
and polymers is problematic,
so I am using a new technique.
A little of the reagent eugenol, and...
Voilà. "EE S APERS DO CO".
- Mean anything to you?
- Korean restaurant?
Unlikely. There are obviously
missing letters.
We need the consonants most likely to appear
with this configuration of vowels,
and vowels to consonants.
- That is an enormous amount of variables.
- Shh.
- "Lee Snappers doll company".
- Don't think so.
"Free newspapers dot com".
"Keen snappers don't come".
- Definitely not.
- "Knee scrapers dot com".
Oh, my God. That's it.
Motokneescrapers. com.
How did you do that?
Process of elimination.
I have no idea what it means.
The website of the journalist
Tripp put in a wheelchair.
So this man's pen was found on the victim.
Or it fell in the mud
when the body was dumped.
I'm enjoying this. Last time I threw pots,
I was in Colombia with the Arhuaco Indians.
Last time I did something like this,
I was in nursery school.
- Well, we love it. Don't we, Lance?
- Yes.
Well, I love my work, but I'm not
gonna talk about that right now.
Even though we think a paraplegic
killed Tripp Goddard.
- That sounds fascinating.
- April...
Oopsie.
Dr Sweet says that you work
with tropical fish.
Yes. I love fish.
- They're just like people.
- No. No, they're not, actually.
People can't breathe underwater.
She's funny.
I... am? What?
Why is that funny?
- She didn't mean that literally.
- Oh.
It's their eyes.
You can tell so much from eyes.
In humans, a retinal scan is as specific
as a fingerprint.
No, no. Their souls.
You can see their little souls.
I don't understand.
You believe that fish have souls?
Yes. You can see it in their colouring.
It's a reflection of who they are.
Their colouring developed
as a way to deal with predators.
- April means they're beautiful.
- Don't tell me what I mean.
- I mean they have souls.
-  OK.
Hey, look what I'm making.
- You've done this before.
- No.
- You have.
- You really think that's good?
Yes, very.
- Yours is good, too, April.
- I'm not talking to you.
You think that's funny?
- Are they fighting?
- Just focus on your pot.
- I'm with patients, April.
- Oh, no, no patients tonight.
Just us people making pots.
- You can't apologise for me.
- Can we please just move on?
No.
I just... I meant...
I believe that all creatures -
people, fish, dogs -
we're all connected.
We all share the same stuff
that makes life so beautiful and precious.
On a quantum level that's... true,
although the word "stuff" is not accurate.
See?
What? I have great respect for your fish.
Admittedly, I might relate
to other things more.
- He kills about a thousand people a night.
- Yeah, in a video game. They're not real.
Sweets, your, uh, thing there is droopy.
- Wow. Look at my horse.
-  Wow.
That's amazing, Agent Booth.
- Very impressive.
- Yes, it is.
Ooh, Bones, I'm sorry.
Ohh, jeez!
Sweets, I apologise.
This ceramic thing is great.
Oh.
Yeah, this is fun.
Tell ya one thing -
Sweets didn't get any last night.
They're too young
for a serious relationship.
In agrarian societies,
young couplings made sense.
The partnership was for survival.
But today...
You know you can play the field
and not plough it.
- That was distasteful.
- What?
- I like April.
- She talks to fish.
Ha. I'm with Sweets on this one.
Brennan.
- Hey, it's Zack.
- Hi, Zack.
The pry bar from the garage
is not the murder weapon.
It's a pry bar like this one
but not this one.
The parallel grooves on the interior border
are not a match.
- What about the blood?
- Toluene caused a false positive.
And the vertical fracture
on the frontal suture?
- It's the forehead.
- I did another scraping.
I found a sliver of glass
with a mastic film on it.
The mass spec shows it as a nitrate of silver.
I think we're looking for some kind of mirror.
Good. Thank you.
Found it this morning.
No way to know how long it's been here.
My guess is it was stolen, driven around,
then stripped for parts.
- VIN number matches?
- It's the victim's truck.
Hey, I gotta tell you,
I love working this one.
I'm usually looking over
some battered heap.
The vehicles on this case -
they are sweet.
Anything else?
They're testing mud on the vehicle.
Might match where the victim was dumped.
- Pry bar.
-  Huh?
Pry bar.
Yep. Covered in blood.
- I blame the Stooges.
- Excuse me?
The Three Stooges always bashed each other
with hammers and bricks and never got hurt.
- People think they can do it too.
- Thanks.
All I'm saying is
killings like this are Stooge-related.
- Booth.
- Yeah?
The side mirror.
Long jagged edge. He was standing by his
truck. Someone came up behind and hit him.
- Falls forward...
- Fracturing his frontonasal suture.
- Huh?
-  Forehead.
- This suggests only one assailant.
- Can we get luminol, check for blood?
We're not hurting for blood around here.
Check this out.
Love these... Whoa.
-  Oh.
- Don't need any luminol for this.
He was loaded in the box,
driven to the mud and dumped.
That's impossible for a paraplegic to do.
If it's only one murderer, it wasn't Garth.
Any prints?
Just the victim's. We did find some hair
in the box where the body was placed.
It's dyed. We're checking
for the exact brand and colour.
The roots are grey.
It's short.
Lenny Fitz dyes his hair.
Why would Lenny kill
his most valuable rider?
I'd like the record to reflect
that my client has been drinking.
That's an understatement.
And he's rejecting my advice
not to speak to you at this time.
- Drinking a lot, maybe out of guilt?
- I lost a son, Agent Booth.
A son. So excuse me for feeling bad
about that, all right?
Do you mean your biological son
or Tripp Goddard?
Lady, I loved Tripp Goddard like a son,
but Danny... Danny was my son.
There's a difference.
I'm confused. Is my client a person of interest
or an actual suspect, and in which death?
That depends upon whether or not
the same person killed both Danny and Tripp.
- You can't think I killed either of them.
- They found Tripp's truck.
- Where?
- Jackson State Park.
Forensic evidence shows Tripp was murdered
in the mechanics' bay.
- His body was transported in his truck.
- What's that to do with my client?
There's forensic evidence
tying him to the body.
What you got - a nail clipping?
A piece of dried snot? A hair?
No, we got... forensic evidence.
- Lenny, when did you last see Tripp?
- At the victory party.
You shook hands, sat next to him?
Did you make out a little?
I hugged him.
Any questions about how trace evidence
from my client wound up on Tripp's remains?
- Hold him on suspicion.
- I didn't kill Tripp.
I can get a court order to release him
in less than an hour.
Why would I kill somebody
I just signed a business deal with?
Wait. You what?
Mr Fitz signed 10% of his company
over to Tripp.
- You mean the motorcycle team.
- No, the beverage company.
Slam Bolt Energy Drinks?
Why offer so much?
Cos he was the best.
I offered him a piece of the business as an
incentive to race exclusively for Slam Bolt.
- And everybody's happy.
- Who isn't happy?
- Every other motorcycle team.
- Did Tripp Goddard sign?
- I only got him the contract that night.
- Then hugged him.
- So you signed it, but he didn't?
- We don't know.
You haven't found the contract, have you?
We'll be in touch.
Sexual jealousy as a motive didn't pan out.
Professional jealousy looked good.
- Until Danny was killed.
- But money is always good.
How much money?
A company like Slam Bolt?
Millions is my guess.
Tripp could have been attacked
by more than one person.
- The skull shows that as a possibility.
- No changies, Bones.
Pry bar to the skull, mirror to the face.
No takebacks. One killer.
Maybe Phillipa and Danny didn't like it
when their father signed over
a chunk of the family company to Tripp.
It's a good business decision.
Look, Garth wants Tripp dead
for putting him in a wheelchair,
Phillipa wants Tripp dead
for grabbing the company.
Two killers again?
You said no changies and no takebacks.
Doesn't scan. Why would Garth
or Phillipa want Danny dead?
- You're the motive guy.
- We found Garth's pen in the mud.
That doesn't prove anything.
He gave them out to everybody.
It's right here, Bones.
It's right in front of us, but I just can't get it.
That whole business with changies
and takebacks, it's... not real, right?
No.
I have another question.
"Is there anything more
we can learn from the weapon?"
No, that's a you question.
My question is, how did the murderer know
about the secret mudhole?
I know I was breaking the rules
when I drove my truck on national park land.
But this girl - didn't you see her?
- I really don't care about that.
- Have a heart.
I got it about the girl
the minute I saw her, OK?
We all do things for the girl.
- So what do you need to talk to me for?
- How did you find out about that mudhole?
Oh.
- "Oh" what?
- I don't wanna be a rat.
Look, sport, I don't care about the girl
or the mud or the 4x4.
Hardly anyone knows about that place,
and someone dumped the body there.
- My friend told me.
- A name.
He didn't do it.
He's in a wheelchair.
- His name Garth Jodrey?
- How'd you know?
"Special Agent Seeley Booth".
"Special".
The shaft of the pry bar is tempered steel
with a shiny chrome covering.
The murder weapon on Tripp's truck?
Yes. As you see,
the chrome is compromised.
Putting chrome on a pry bar
is not good functionality.
- Maybe it was decorative.
- Those are blood flecks.
- From the victim?
- No way to know until a DNA test is done.
The blood flecks begin approximately 25%
of the way up the handle.
- What does that indicate?
- I have no idea.
Come on. Choke?
Didn't anybody play
softball or baseball?
OK.
It's a choke-up.
For somebody not strong enough
to swing the entire length of the bat.
It's a choke-up.
To foreshorten the fulcrum.
Yes, I see.
Because the murderer was weaker
than the full-grown male
for whom the pry bar was designed.
Right, like a girl.
Now, when I batted,
I always had to choke up.
- Then, of course, I kicked ass.
- Sweet.
I'll have Cam check the DNA.
Excuse me.
Temperance?
April. Hi.
I, uh, wanted to talk to you
woman to woman, if that's possible.
It is possible
because we are both women.
Seeing you the other night made me realise
you have a very objective eye.
- Thank you.
- You saw Lance and me together.
I wonder if... if you might
tell me what you think.
W... Could you be more specific
in the question?
Um...
Fish. Fish choose their mates
based primarily on colour gradations.
Two gouramis, for example, they'll mate
if they're both vibrant blue.
Now, if the male becomes paler,
which can happen over the course of time,
the female becomes...
nonreceptive to the male.
Even aggressive.
Do you see where I'm going?
- Sweets is too pale.
- Yes.
But let's say "young" instead of "pale"
and go with that.
- Is there an age difference?
- Yeah.
I'm almost 27
and Lance just turned 23.
What's the age difference
between you and Booth?
F... five years, but no.
- We are not blue fish.
- Oh.
Still, he's very firm
once you get him out of that suit, but...
- Pale blue.
- Robin's egg, really.
And I'm a vibrant, vibrant cobalt.
Not literally.
We're both mostly pink in reality.
No, I understand.
Did we seem good together to you?
April, it was only one evening.
- We got the DNA results from the weapon.
- Sex?
So much more than adequate.
It was wonderful, really.
He's a night-time person, I'm enthusiastic
in the morning, but that's not the problem.
Oh. Sorry.
You were... you were talking about work.
DNA says the murderer's female.
Excuse me.
We're here about a mud bath?
We got a statement from Jodrey that Phillipa
took him to the mudhole three years ago.
- To have sex.
- Same mudhole Tripp was dumped in.
I can give you a statement
that Garth took me there.
- Ooh, I slid that one right by her.
- What?
You just admitted you had prior knowledge
to the location of a mudhole.
- No changies.
- No takebacks.
Answer nothing
without confirmation from me.
You killed Tripp. Your father
was signing the company over to him.
- What?
- Don't respond in any way.
We have DNA evidence that shows
you swung the pry bar into Tripp's head.
According to the report, the sample was small
and was totally used up during the test.
- It's an accurate test.
- But it can't be repeated.
And my client has a twin brother.
Juries hate DNA evidence and twins.
What's that sound?
I believe that's reasonable doubt
starting its engines.
We have evidence that the same pry bar
was used to sabotage Tripp's motorcycle.
A common tool left in a semi-public area
in a situation that may have resulted
from incompetence, not sabotage.
You sabotaged the bike to kill Tripp.
But he signed the contract before he could
ride it and die the way he was supposed to.
So you killed him, loaded him onto his own
truck and dumped him in the mud puddle.
Everything was great until your brother
rode the bike that you sabotaged.
- You don't ride someone else's bike.
- Phillipa...
You killed him. Accidentally,
but you did kill him.
- I loved my brother.
- Don't speak, please.
Can we go, or do you want
to waste more taxpayer money?
- She did it.
- You may get a prosecutor to lay a charge,
but a jury will never bring home this baby
the way you want it to.
You're right.
- But I'm still gonna make the arrest.
- To what end? You can't win.
To let everybody know what Phillipa did,
including her father.
- I'm OK with what you did there.
- Mm, yeah. Thanks a million, Bones.
Don't get mad.
I'm just saying that...
I just like it better
when we catch 'em and they go to jail.
Sometimes it can get messy, Bones,
but the point is, it gets done.
This one started out in a pit of mud
and ended in a pit of mud.
Ha ha.
That's very damn poetic of you.
Oh, hey, guys.
I didn't know you'd be here.
What do you think, Bones?
He's lying.
You wanna sit down?
Not really.
Lying again.
- Come on, sit down.
- OK.
- April dump you?
- How do you know that?
He's got that dumpee look on his face.
I'm a trained psychologist.
I mean, I saw this coming.
It's not like the signs eluded me.
So I prepared myself mentally for it...
Hey, Sweets, Bones and I,
we're going bowling tonight.
Yes. Yes, bowling.
You wanna come?
To go bowling with us at the bowling rink?
- Alley.
- Bowling alley. The bowling alley.
You know,
fish aren't actually sentient.
There's a reason people say
"cold as a fish".
Me, I'm a dog person.
I think that has meaning.
Don't you?
Sure.
You think April was pretty?
Not... at all.
You're lying, Dr Brennan.
I appreciate the effort. Thank you.
Come on, Sweets.
What do you say we go bowling?
- I got him. Come on.
- No, that's all right.
Come on.
What's that mean?
English SDH
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org